`4++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++``
`8Keywords``   : Clan_Creation
`8Categories`` : 
`4++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++``

# You must have 5 separate people in order to start/create a clan # The member
cap for each clan is 15 people. Alts of people already in the clan are counted
towards that cap. # The Lord of the clan must be acknowledged by Anheg # You
must choose if the Clan will be PK or non-PK; this will affect your subclans
aswell. If the main clan is PK, all have to be. # The Lord of a PKClan must
have at least 12500 Reputation Points # You must have an RP Clan Name which
cannot be longer than 20 characters, have only one set of brackets ([clanname])
Unless you own a subclan, in which case you'll be allowed to have two brackets
([Short] [Clanname]) # You must have a fitting WWP name # You must have a
Ranking system with RP Clan Titles thought up # You must have a system that
tell you how to advance in the clan thought up. # You must have RP Race/Class
restrictions - no Clans for most/all races like LoN was. No mixing of extreme
races (I.e. Algars and Murgos) # You must choose Races/Classes which can be
Clanleaders of this Clan (Every race cannot rule every Clan, i.e. Thulls) # You
must write an RP background to Immortal. (How/why/where the Clan came to be
etc.) # Anheg and Harakan must approve of the Clan 

 * The price is 3 million gold, 30 Questpoints and 5000 Role-Playing Points.
 * Subclan price is 2 Million gold, 10 Questpoints and 5000 Role-Playing points
OR 2 Builderpoints.

 On the price, you can bundle up. E.g., one person need not have the entire sum
 needed, it's enough if the starting group of 5 (or more) have it totalled. 

 Do the following: 

 # Send a note to Immortal containing paragraphs 1 and 3-11 listed above. Make
the subject "Playerclan Application" - it's easier to find the note then. #
After sending the note, send a note to Yarblek and Kail with the Background
story of the Clan. How it came to be, why, when, where and such things and/or
anything else you can come up with. Again, make mention of the aims and goals
of the clan. # Wait. Yarblek will approach you and either approve it all or
take up a few issues you should improve and tell you what to do. # If it's all
okay, give Yarblek the payment and after he's given the good to go, take the
Background story you sent, put it in a Story note and send it to all players.

`4++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++``
~
