`4++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++``
`8Keywords``   : Qeq
`8Categories`` : 
`4++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++``

* Use the blank vnums (vnum blank). Even if you're planning on just making a
15hp onyx band.
 * For "quality", you're looking at "stock + 40qp" (where it makes sense, for
example, no need to factor in costs to change weapon damnoun)
 * "Free" burnproof/anti modification
 * No base > 30
 * No reses
 * No modifying level (unless in the "worse" direction)
 * No modifying base (unless in the "worse" direction)
 * Generally don't modify wear locations

 Above all, be sensible. In general, nothing that can't be made by a mortal
with enough qp (no avg 45s, no level 20 items with 30 base, no level 1 avg
40s). Some of these can be considered flexible, at the discretion of the
appropriate people, but basically, if you're making qeq unattended, stick to
the above.  

 A similar point applies to the amount of "qp used". If it's just a random
prize in a trivia, requiring little more than luck to win, use less. If it's
the culmination of a 10 day marathon quest, use more. 

 Finally, try to make non-optimal qeq. Yes, make stuff people want to use,
that's the whole point, but for example (even though it violates the above
criteria), say you're making a melee quest helm, don't just grab a sally crown
and dump lots of hitdam and ac onto it. That's absolutely ideal for any meleer.
Try to be different, use something like a scarlet helm (ok, less optimal, but
nice hpmana already, and lower level). Then people have a dilemma, do they use
the good but not ideal helm, or start working on a helm better in the long term
(which, relatively obviously, would be an enhanced sally crown), that if maxed,
would be far better, but require them to build it up themselves over a period
of time. This isn't that easy to stick to all the time, given current rules on
base ac, and the lack of stat variety, but it's being worked on from a
code/balance point of view, and by being sensible with creating qeq, you can
help too.

`4++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++``
~
