`4++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++``
`8Keywords``   : Quest_Porenn2
`8Categories`` : 
`4++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++``

`^General Guide for Porenn's Quests`` 

 `#Tag Team Kill The Mob`` `^*`` Two players group up to kill a series of mobs
in the quest arena. `^*`` Potions are allowed and may be provided. `^*`` Each
team may not attack a mob that another team is killing. `^*`` No area attacks,
or killstealing allowed. `^*`` Players are responsible for having enough space
and weight to loot any prizes that are present in the corpses of the mobs.
`^*`` Prizes should be split equally between both members at the end of the
quest. 

 `#All Out Sendar PK Quest`` `^*`` Players are allowed to kill each other in
the vicinity of Sendar. `^*`` Each kill gets 1 point, while each death gets -1
point. `^*`` Prizes may or may not be given out. `^*`` No grouping or
following. `^*`` No heat metal, disarm, fumble, area attacks, acid or
gangbanging. `^*`` Players should not leave Sendar. `^*`` Players are also
encouraged not to pick on 1 person all the time. People who pick on the same
person over and over may be dequested and noquested. 

 `#Treasure Hunt`` `^*`` Objects are scattered around the mud for players to
find. `^*`` The objects may be on the ground, or on mobs. `^*`` Depending on
the quest, players may be required to combine different  objects to obtain
different prizes. `^*`` Value of objects will be posted in a qnote. `^*``
Players are allowed to trade, buy or sell any of the objects. `^*`` All objects
can only be cashed in by Porenn. `^*`` All objects must be cashed in by the due
date, or they will be rendered to be worth only 25 aqpts. 

 `#Capture The Flag`` `^*`` Two teams are given a mob with a flag to protect.
`^*`` Objective of each team is to kill the other team's mob and obtain the
flag. `^*`` Transportation spells other then word of recall, fly and pass door
are  disallowed in this quest. `^*`` However, team members may summon each
other. 

 `!***``Other Quests are either too complicated or not held on such a frequent 
basis to warrant a helpfile. Nevertheless, these helpfiles will be updated
whenever the need arises. Should you have any questions regarding any of the
quests, please feel free to contact Porenn.

`4++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++``
~
