`4++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++``
`8Keywords``   : Swear_Words
`8Categories`` : 
`4++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++``

Swear words are open for interpretation by any immortal. 

 Crude words or any semblance of crude/swear words will not be tolerated. An
example of the latter would be making combinations like $hit or Phuck. Please
do not abuse your channels on the Mud, or they will be removed. Damn, bastard,
hell, ass and bitch are not considered swears. However, God damn and all racial
slurs are punishable. Do not argue with or abuse other players on ooc channel,
when the whole purpose of flame channel is to vent frustration. Conversations
deemed unsuitable by any Immortal for public channels or a particular channel
may be stopped by the Immortal at any time, and if players do not heed a
warning they may be nochanneled. If you are asked to stop a conversation, or
move it to a more appropriate channel, do so, or lose your channel privileges.
Immaturity is not appreciated, and will not help your case with the Immortal
Staff. 

 Also be sure to check the 'help harass' file.	It contains more things that
will result in a loss of channels. 

 Any and all swear words used on public channels will result in a loss of
ability  to use channels for 1 hour or longer.	Repeated offenses of your
channels will result in harsher punishment.  Your first three nochannels will
be a standard 1 hour.  The fourth nochannel and upward will increase by 6 hours
each time. Your tenth nochannel will result in the loss of your channels for a
permanent duration. 

 `&For example``:
 `^Nochannel `&1 `7= `& 1 `3hour``
 `^Nochannel `&4 `7= `& 7 `3hours `7(1 + 6)``
 `^Nochannel `&8 `7= `&31 `3hours `7(1 + 30)``

 Botting and Idling while under the penalty of a nochannel will result in your
penalty being doubled the first time. If caught again you will be slain and
corpse eaten. A third offense to botting while under a penalty will result in 
deletion. This is while under one penalty- it does not count if you were 
nochanneled last month, got caught for botting, but did your time, got 
nochanneled again later  and botted again.  That will not result in a slay. 

 Please be advised that pretending, with emote or similar, to do something that
is punishable, is also an offense. 

 If you have any questions about the rules or whether something is legal, feel
free to ask or note Anheg. A good rule of thumb, in the Immortal words of
Lelldorin- if in doubt, leave it out.

`4++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++``
~
