`4++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++``
`8Keywords``   : Wanderers
`8Categories`` : 
`4++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++``

Wanderers is a clan devoted to two aspects of the game: To learning the game
and helping each other, and to role-play.  The only races which may not join
Wanderers are Thulls, Malloreans, and Murgos, and no members may be
evil-aligned. 

 ==Sub-clans== Wanderers is the main clan and is devoted mainly to learning the
gameplay and mechanics of the game, and to helping each other out. Minstrels
was the first sub-clan founded, and is dedicated to roleplay. Sanctuary is also
a roleplay sub-clan, founded for those good races who are from the isolated
reaches of the world - the Ulgos, Rivans, and Dryads. Wayfarers is the sub-clan
for retired clan members who have contributed much in time, energy, money, and
leadership. 

 ==Formation of Wanderers== * Written by Fieron*

 'I heard you say you've been to lots of places.' A man said, casually sidling
up to the young woman. She gave him a cool, appraising look, and sipped her
iced wine. 'And if so?' 'Well, nothing really. But it would be interesting to
exchange tales.' She slowly raised an eyebrow. 'Y'see, I travel 'round quite a
bit too.' He airily waved a hand. 'Been to Algaria, Tolnedran, Nyissa, Gar og
Nadrak-' 'Gar Og Nadrak?' She shookking her head. 'Woman lover.' 'Bah! Nadrak
women... All looks and no touch. Where's the fun in that? Give me a Cherek
blonde...' He grinned, and noting her slightly offended look, rolled his eyes.
'I was just joking, lass.' 'Been there once.' She scowled. 'Drew my dagger five
times within an hour of passing through the border. Wasn't exactly my idea of
fun. Nyissa's too full of drugs and poisons and snakes. Not to mention I feel
like bathing every few seconds in that sticky climate.' 'Got poisoned in Nyissa
once... got bitten by this snake.' said the man. 'Fortunately I had the
antidote, else I'll be just a mound of mossy bones in the middle of the
jungle.'  'Ever been to Arendia?' 'Belar's beard yes! They're practically a
castastrophy waiting to happen.' 'A bunch of hotheads, I agree.' A smile
crossed her face, the first he had seen so far. 'Though the knights are
quite... charming.' The man raised an eyebrow and she blushed. He pulled up a
stool and sat next to her. They exchanged stories for some time, then the man
paused, suddenly aware that many people were avidly listening to them. The
woman too seemed to notice the crowd, for the first time. Silence filled the
room as the people waited expectantly for them to continue. 'Seems like we've
got ourselves an audience.' The man said eventually. The woman's expression was
a mix of nervous amusement. A soft, young voice piped up. 'Can you tell us more
stories?' The man blinked at the young boy who was staring at them with
worshipping eyes, and exchanged long looks with the  woman. 'Another day, dear
boy. I'm tired.' The woman ruffled the boy's hair. The boy nodded eagerly. 'I'm
going back to my room.' The man stood up hurriedly. 'I'll accompany you.' The
people reluctantly parted to let them through to the stairs, and one or two
peered up at them as they ascended the stairs. 'The people were actually
interested in our stories.' The woman tipped her head to the side. 'I think...
I'll talk to some of my friends to see if they're interested in writing down
their stories, or telling them.' 'Well if you're creating a guild of some sort
do tell me.' He smiled. 'I'll be staying here for another month or so, so drop
by.' 'I was thinking something along the lines of a clan... They do seem so
much more close knit than a guild.' She smiled. 'A clan... of Wanderers.'

`4++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++``
~
